# MidtermProject
Midterm Project
	The web app is called Sapien and it consists of three pages. A Home page, a History page, and a Species page. The Home page welcomes the user with a centered image of Lucy, the Oldest Human Fossil, and a h3 tag describing the theme of the web app. In History, there are three div tags that separate the three different revolutions of human progress. Each revolution div has two responsive flip cards that reveal information about that significant event. The Species page has four responsive flip cards that lists different human species of the genus homo. At the bottom of the species page is a form to fill out to order a themed calendar. 
	I chose this topic because I recently read the book Sapiens: A Brief History of Humankind by Yuval Noah Harari. The book talks about how the three revolutions permanently changed human society and what those time periods were like. The book gave me an appreciation for the history of the human race and respect for our ancestors. I wanted to make this web app to show my newfound appreciation for human history.
	The web app is navigated with the navigation menu at the top of all three web pages. All three web pages are linked together on the navigation menu. The navigation menu is responsive to the screen size and will transform into a hamburger menu at a smaller screen size. The History and Species pages have flip cards with images and information on them. Hover over each card to learn more about human history. The bottom of the Species page has a form to be filled out by the user. Follow the labels on the form and the submit button to order a calendar.
